# packages in environment at /home/wuyou/anaconda3/envs/wuyou_pytorch:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
absl-py                   2.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
argon2-cffi               23.1.0                   pypi_0    pypi
argon2-cffi-bindings      21.2.0                   pypi_0    pypi
async-lru                 2.0.4                    pypi_0    pypi
async-timeout             4.0.3                    pypi_0    pypi
boost-cpp                 1.74.0               h312852a_4    cctbx202112
brotli-bin                1.0.9                h7f98852_6    cctbx202112
brotli-python             1.0.9            py38h6a678d5_7    defaults
ca-certificates           2023.11.17           hbcca054_0    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        3.3.2                    pypi_0    pypi
conda-build               3.27.0           py38h06a4308_0    defaults
conda-index               0.3.0            py38h06a4308_0    defaults
conda-package-handling    2.2.0            py38h06a4308_0    defaults
conda-package-streaming   0.9.0            py38h06a4308_0    defaults
google-auth               2.23.4                   pypi_0    pypi
google-auth-oauthlib      1.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
huggingface-hub           0.0.8                    pypi_0    pypi
importlib-metadata        6.8.0                    pypi_0    pypi
importlib-resources       6.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
ipython-genutils          0.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
jsonschema-specifications 2023.11.1                pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-client            8.6.0                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-console           6.6.3                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-contrib-core      0.4.2                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-contrib-nbextensions 0.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-core              5.5.0                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-events            0.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-highlight-selected-word 0.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-nbextensions-configurator 0.6.3                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-server            1.15.0                   pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-server-terminals  0.4.4                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyterlab-pygments       0.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyterlab-widgets        3.0.9                    pypi_0    pypi
ld_impl_linux-64          2.38                 h1181459_1    defaults
libgcc-ng                 11.2.0               h1234567_1    defaults
libgfortran-ng            11.2.0              h69a702a_11    cctbx202112
libstdcxx-ng              11.2.0               h1234567_1    defaults
libwebp-base              1.2.1                h7f98852_0    cctbx202112
lightning-utilities       0.10.0                   pypi_0    pypi
lz4-c                     1.9.4                h6a678d5_0    defaults
matplotlib-base           3.5.1            py38hf4fb855_0    cctbx202112
matplotlib-inline         0.1.6                    pypi_0    pypi
more-itertools            10.1.0           py38h06a4308_0    defaults
nest-asyncio              1.5.8                    pypi_0    pypi
notebook-shim             0.2.3                    pypi_0    pypi
pkgutil-resolve-name      1.3.10                   pypi_0    pypi
prometheus-client         0.19.0                   pypi_0    pypi
prompt-toolkit            3.0.41                   pypi_0    pypi
pure-eval                 0.2.2                    pypi_0    pypi
py-lief                   0.12.3           py38h6a678d5_0    defaults
pyasn1-modules            0.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    cctbx202112
python-json-logger        2.0.7                    pypi_0    pypi
python-libarchive-c       2.9                pyhd3eb1b0_1    defaults
pytorch-fast-transformers 0.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pytorch-lightning         1.6.1                    pypi_0    pypi
requests-oauthlib         1.3.1                    pypi_0    pypi
rfc3339-validator         0.1.4                    pypi_0    pypi
rfc3986-validator         0.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
rpds-py                   0.13.1                   pypi_0    pypi
scikit-learn              1.3.2                    pypi_0    pypi
stack-data                0.6.3                    pypi_0    pypi
tensorboard-data-server   0.7.2                    pypi_0    pypi
torch-cluster             1.6.1                    pypi_0    pypi
torch-geometric           2.3.1                    pypi_0    pypi
torch-scatter             2.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
types-python-dateutil     2.8.19.14                pypi_0    pypi
typing-extensions         4.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
uri-template              1.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
websocket-client          1.6.4                    pypi_0    pypi
